Doc 654 add reference to queues on branch configurations (#2392)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/queues.md

<%= image "agent-queues.png", width: 1182/2, height: 160/2, alt: "Screenshot of an agent's tags showing both building and testing queues" %>

> 🚧 Configuring cluster queues
> If you have [Clusters](/docs/clusters/overview) enabled and are configuring your agent with a _cluster queue_, you need to create the cluster queue first. See [Create a cluster queue](/docs/clusters/manage-clusters#set-up-clusters-create-a-queue) for more information.

## Targeting a queue

Target specific queues using the `agents` attribute on your pipeline steps or at the root level for the entire pipeline.

For example, the following pipeline would run on the `priority` queue as determined by the root level `agents` attribute (and ignores the agents running the `default` queue). The `tests.sh` build step matches only agents running on the `deploy` queue.

```yaml
agents:
  queue: "priority"

steps:
  - command: echo "hello"

  - command: tests.sh
    agents:
      queue: "deploy"
```

## Alternative methods

> Alternatively you can use [branch patterns](/docs/pipelines/branch-configuration) to control which pipelines and build steps are built based on the branch names.

Reviewer: I don't think this sounds parallel enough to quite fit. Perhaps:

```suggestion
[Branch patterns](/docs/pipelines/branch-configuration) are another way to control what work is done. You can use branch patterns to determine which pipelines and steps run based on the branch name.
```
